Clarify populate and pagination combination (#3048)
strapi/documentation: docusaurus/docs/cms/api/rest/populate-select.md

      ],
      "documentId": "lr5wju2og49bf820kj9kz8c3"
    },

>     // â€¦

Reviewer: Please cleanup encoding here or revert your commit on this line. 
This often happens with AI-generated content.

The final character should be `…`  (Basically, this line should be left untouched)

:::

:::note

> Large `populate` lists in the query string (many `populate[0]`, `populate[1]`, â€¦ entries) are bounded by the query parser `arrayLimit` (default: `100`). To allow a longer list, raise `arrayLimit` on the [`strapi::query` middleware](/cms/configurations/middlewares#query). Higher values increase parsing cost per request.

Reviewer: Same here. Thank you 😊

You can combine the `populate` operator with other operators such as [field selection](/cms/api/rest/populate-select#field-selection), [filters](/cms/api/rest/filters), and [sort](/cms/api/rest/sort-pagination) in the population queries.

:::note

> Top-level pagination parameters (for example, `pagination[page]` and `pagination[pageSize]`) work alongside `populate` to paginate the main query results. However, you cannot apply pagination parameters directly to populated relations to limit the number of related entries returned within each result (nested pagination on relations is not supported in the REST API).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Top-level pagination parameters (e.g., `pagination[page]` and `pagination[pageSize]`) work alongside `populate` to paginate the main query results. However, you cannot apply pagination parameters directly to populated relations to limit the number of related entries returned within each result (nested pagination on relations is not supported in the REST API).
```

To stay consistent with our style guide.
